{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs56\lang9\-\-\-CAB SERVICE MANAGEMENT\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs48\par
\b0 1. INTRODUCTION\par

\pard\sa200\sl360\slmult1\fs40 'Cab Service Management System' is the application used to manage the entire service of Cab booking company. This system greatly simplifies the cab booking process for the customers. System presents an interactive and up-to-date menu with all available options in an easy to use manner. This system helps users to grab cab by accessing their location which reduces the time required for other means of cab services. Also helps the cab drivers to increase their profit when the nearest customers chooses them. The company then schedules the vehicle for him for the chosen date and time, and sends it to his location at the appointed time. The online service known as the online taxi booking system automates the cab booking procedure, saving time and resources for both the customer and the business. Prior to using the system, the company will register its cars as well as the vehicles. The customer will next submit a request for a vehicle reservation, including all essential details, for the date and time he has specified. Clients should confirm the calculated fare. After then, at the appointed time and date, the employee will provide service to the client. A final chance for the customer to provide feedback on the service received will come at this point. In order to make improvements in the future, the organisation can examine it and take the necessary action.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs48 1.1 PURPOSE\par
\fs40 This SRS document's is used to outline the software specifications needed by the Cabs. It is meant to be a comprehensive description of all the system's functions. The system's primary objective is to automate the procedure for online taxi reservations made through a mobile app or through a website. A future publication will contain specific design and implementation information.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl360\slmult1\fs48 1.2 ACRONYMS AND ABBREVATION\par
\fs40  db = data base\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs48 1.3 PROJECT SCOPE\par
\fs40 The goal of this project is to automate the process of calculating the fare, choosing an acceptable route, reserving a cab, gathering all relevant client information, and finally providing service to the client. The information needed by the system is kept in a database, which serves as the hub for all client and staff data and the foundation for the rest of the process once the initial application has been submitted. Because of this, processes may be greatly boosted up and streamlined, which makes the tasks of those involved easier. While supporting the current procedure, it is centralised and allows for quicker and simpler decision-making.\~\par
\par
\fs48 1.4 OVERVIEW\par
\fs40 Now a days people choose to travel via pre-booked cabs rather than catching a running taxi service.The approach in which drivers and customers are available on a single platform is  knows and cab service management system.This cab service management system  provides cab services online, and we find that booking a cab online at any time is more convenient.we can access its services through internet allows us to track our journeys or positions.\par
The system starts with entering details of driver and the passengers have to register with by entering  full name,mail id ,phone number and password.\par
Also the features like searching,online payment,cancellation of cab are also added.\par
\par
\ul\fs48 2. ACTORS\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\fs32  USER\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}ADMIN\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}DRIVER\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs40\par
\fs48 3. FUNCTIONALITIES\fs40\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     REGISTRATION\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     LOGIN \par
\f1\u10625?\f0     PASSWORD RESET\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     CAB SCHEDULING\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     PASSENGER PROFILE\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     CAB SEARCH FOR NEAREST CAB\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     ROUTE TRACKING FACILITY\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     BOOKING CONFORMATION SENT TO CONTACT ID \par
\f1\u10625?\f0     PAYMENT\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     CANCEL BOOKING\par
\f1\u10625?\f0     FEEDBACK\lang9\par
\ul\fs48 4. REQUIREMENTS :\par
\ulnone\fs44 4.1 USER REQUIREMENTS:\par
\fs36 4.1.1 LOGIN PAGE\par
\fs32 The login page contain company logo and company details.Field for enter valid username and password and a button for submission. Set a reset button functionality on the login page.It should clear the textbox content. Setting a checkbox with the label "remember password"on the login page.\par
\~\~ Username - Username can be Email id or Mobile number.It should be a mandatory field and Should not start with a zero or any special characters.\~\par
\~ Password - Password should consist of minimum 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.\par
\~\~ Sign-Up Button - The user can choose whether they registered using their email address or mobile number using a separate option. Signup for the ones who have no account in the app\par
\~\~ Forgot password -Field can be used to retain the account.\par
\par
4.1.2 REGISTRATION PAGE:\par
Registration field for enter the personal details of the passenger (such as: passenger's full name, date of birth, home address, telephone number, e-mail address)and a button for submission\par
   Name - Name field Should not include any special characters or numbers. Seperate fields can be provided for First name and Last name and it should be a Mandatory field.\~\par
   Email - Email text field should contain mail id with an @ symbol.CHECK THE  Any other mail id without an @ symbol is invalid.\~\par
   Mobile -\~ Mobile number should exactly contain 12 digits and a + symbol including the country code. No other special characters are allowed.\par
   Password - The password should be able to be validated in order to determine if it is strong or weak. Password should contains atleast a length of 8 characters.\~ A registered user cannot register again, which the sign up page should confirm.\par
   Gender -\~ Gender field can consist of a drop down menu to select the options from within it.\par
\par
\fs36 4.1.3 SEARCH CABS:\par
\fs32 Search page contain an attractive design and user friendly to make sure that the  users  should  stay  in  the  page. A search engine is using to search the cab. User can search the cab name and other details of cab. Agent can manage the search engine and newly added cab are display in the search engine .when user entering the name and from to cab details search engine display the  available cab details. List the name of the destination place with the date and time\par
\lang16393    \f2\lang9 Destination - Destination should be selected from the live google map location.\par
\f0\lang16393    \f2\lang9 Starting point - Starting point should also be selected from the live google map location.\par
\f0\lang16393    \f2\lang9 Time - Time should be clearly specified.\par
\f0\lang16393     \f2\lang9 Number of Passengers - Passenger number should be only int\f0\lang16393 ege\f2\lang9 rs\f0\par
\fs36\par
4.1.4 CAB BOOKING:\par
\fs32 User booked cab conformation message should be sent to the user specified contact  id (phone number,email id) and cancellation are available.User can cancellation of booked cab . In cancellation time a conformation message also passing for the cancellation. Admin can manage the availability of seat after the cancellation\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1    field to enter the phone number and email id for conformation message\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}   cancellation button - for cancell the booking\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}\lang16393    \f2\lang9 page also have the option used to checking or to cancel our existing booking\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36\lang1033 4.1.5 FEEDBACK:\par
\fs32 user getting a text box to enter the feedback of the travel or rate the travel and button for \lang9 submission\par
\fs36\par
4.1.6 PAYMENT:\par
\fs32 Customer opens a portal registration and enter their registration details including billing address.Provide different payment method to pay the bill (wallet,card,paypal,netbanking etc...).Customer can confirm their billing details and submit their payment details in a payment process.Once the payment details has been successfully verified the payment processor sent a conformation token.Customer logs on to merchant bank to conform the payment receipts\fs36\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32\lang1033 price details\lang9\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}\lang1033 option for different payment method\lang9\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}\lang1033 payment button\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\ul\fs48 4.2 ADMIN REQUIREMENTS:\par
\ulnone\fs36 4.2.1 LOGIN PAGE:\par

\pard\fi-101\li101\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 The login page contain company logo and company details. Field for enter valid username and password and a button for submission.Admin can login into the system through login page by entering admin username and password and there is also a login button and change password or forgot password option \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Field to enter username and password (username must be phone number and password must be strong with alphanumeric)\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}login button\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}change password and forgot password option\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs36 4.2.2 ADMIN PAGE:\par
\fs32 admin can manage and see the details of number of users and their details and also able to see the number of cabs and thier details too. The administrator can see the overall performance as well as its profitability level \lang16393 a\f2\lang9 lso have the graph space for showing the profit level\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 FeedBack receiving area and report receiving\f0 .\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}\f2 Space for n\f0\lang16393 umber \f2\lang9 of users and \f0\lang16393 number\f2\lang9  of cabs\f0\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}\f2 Also have the a graph space for showing the profit level\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs48 4.3 \ul DRIVER\par
\ulnone\fs40 4.3.1 DRIVER LOGIN PAGE\ul\fs48\par
\ulnone\fs32 The login page contain company logo and company details.Field for enter valid username and password and a button for submission. If they don't already have one, they must select the sign up option, which will send them to the signup page\fs36 .\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f2 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf2\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2 Input field for entering user name and password.\par
{\pntext\f2 ii.\tab}Forgot password option\f0\par
{\pntext\f2 iii.\tab}\f2 login button\f0\par
{\pntext\f2 iv.\tab}\f2 Sign up option\f0\par
{\pntext\f2 v.\tab}\f2 If clicking login button they will redirect to Driver-Home page.\f0\par
{\pntext\f2 vi.\tab}\f2 If clicking sign up button they will redirect to registration pag\f0\lang1033 e\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4.3.2 DRIVER-REGISTRATION PAGE:\par
\fs32 This page is used to register the contact information for taxi drivers and their taxi company. This page also verifies the accuracy of the user's entered information.Registration field for enter the personal details of the passenger (such as: driver full name, date of birth, home address, telephone number, e-mail address)and a button for submission\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2 Option for providing Driving license\f0\lang16393  \fs44\lang9\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}\f2\fs32 Field for entering vehicle number\f0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}\f2\fs32 Vehicle type details \f0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}\f2\fs32 Submit button for registeration\f0\lang16393  a\f2\lang9 fter clicking submit button it redirect to login page.\f0\fs44\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36\lang16393 4.3.3 DRIVER HOME PAGE\f2\fs32\lang9 :\par
\f0 Home page contain an attractive design and user friendly to make sure that the  users  should  stay  in  the  page.\f2 This website contains information about user reservations for taxis, including notifications from users to drivers, which drivers can accept or reject. Give \f0\lang16393 provide space \f2\lang9  display information on the closest taxis as well. management setting for taxi availability.\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Other cab details section.\f0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}\f2\fs32 Cab availability changing button\f0\fs44\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\fs48\lang16393\par
}
 